A never-before-seen error has arisen.  Proceed with caution!  (Save and Quit immediately.)
I failed to open the house's resource fork.  Any unique room backgrounds are not accessible.
I failed to add a resource to the house's resource fork.  See error number.
I failed to create a new resource fork for the house.  See error number for problem.
There are no houses on this drive!  About your only option is to create your own new house with the Editor.
This house is incompatible with us!  You'll need to upgrade Glider PRO to use this house.  Do not attempt to play/edit this house!
The background specified by this room was not found!  Try re-selecting a new background (the Room Info menu).
The room number is out of bounds.  I suspect the house file is corrupt.  Try deleting this "illegal" room though.
The data is missing that specifies where the openings in this room are.  The house may be damaged.  Try selecting a new background though.
There was a problem with the clipboard (Cut, Copy and Paste commands).  I couldn't guess why.
I think we just ran out of memory.  Quit now and give Glider PROª more memory.
We failed to write the house to disk.  (That shouldn't have happened.)
Well, the music didn't load.  Glider PROª will still run, you'll just be musically challenged.
Wow, there was a problem bringing sounds up.  You might try giving Glider PROª more memory - otherwise ... silence.
Some kind of strange Apple Event error.  I think I would just ignore it.  Or call Casady & Greene with the error number.
Did you save the house on the same volume Glider PRO is on?  I saved the house but had to re-open the old house because I couldn't find the new one.
Wow, I couldn't find the old or new house.  Go to the Select House menu item and see if it's there.  If not, make sure they're on the same volume as Glider PRO.
Couldn't create a saved game structure.  Memory is probably too low.
The saved game doesn't match the house.  Either this game was saved for a different house or the house was modified recently.
This saved game is an old version.  We cannot use this game with this house.
The number of rooms saved doesn't match the number of house rooms.  We cannot use this game with this house.
The QuickTimeª movie that goes with this house will not be used.  Glider PROª must have enough memory to easily load the entire movie into RAM.
This house has no rooms!  Do not attempt to play this house!  Select a new house to play.
There was an error generating or parsing a links list.  Memory may be tight.
This house contains invalid data that couldn't be repaired.  Select a new house to play.
This house contained invalid data, which was repaired.  Some things may be missing or not work correctly.